between all the sponsored products and
the army of brands that you've never
heard of before shopping on Amazon these
days sucks especially if you're new to
PC Building look at this I searched for
graphics card and with prominent
placement like this how could I possibly
know that showkings is not a reputable
brand of GPU I mean is the Radeon rx580
even getting driver updates anymore not
since January it's ridiculous it makes
you wonder just how bad of a PC would
you get if you just searched for each
product category bought the first thing
on the list and threw it all together I
want to know so I'm going to find out
right wait radon ampere architecture
that's an Nvidia ar oh man these guys
are ridiculous okay sorry right now and
here it is everything from my Wu power
supply to my view Edge Monitor and
high quality video card there is one
thing missing though it's a segue oh no
here it is to our sponsor acronis in an
age where the slightest infrastructure
vulnerability could open the door to
cyber attacks or unrecoverable data loss
acronis cyber protect has your back
check it out using our Link in the video
description let's kick things off with
the only non-sponsored item that managed
to top our search results or at least
sort of top them because the ryzen 7
5800 X was the only actual CPU that
showed up when we typed in CPU it turns
out the Amazon search engine is kind of
like your Boomer Uncle offering up a
selection of random entire computers
when you search for CPU processor
meanwhile does give us some sponsored
results but the rule of the game was we
had to buy the first valid result for
the first keyword we tried so ryzen 7
5800 X it is at just $170 it's a great
chip for the price and a solid start to
what has now become an am4 Journey
however if you want something a bit more
affordable Central Processing Unit comes
up with the 5600x which includes a
wraith stealth cooler for Extra Value
moving on to our motherboard the Asus
Prime b550m a WiFi 2 was sponsored and
was the first of our many sponsored
results we'll talk about what this
sponsored tag means a little bit later
but for now it's not really a problem
while this board may not have the
highest end features like pcie Gen 5
it's certainly a decent board and should
fit perfectly into the vast majority of
PC cases next up ddr4 Ram Nets us a
pretty decently specked kit from oh boy
oloy well thankfully whether you've
heard of them or not they seem to be a
perfectly cromulent memory supplier not
only are they extensively reviewed on
Amazon with this kit having almost 8,000
ratings but Tom's Hardware ran an
article a few years ago with promising
results that is at least until they
looked into support oloy describes their
warranty as limited lifetime but doesn't
elaborate on their website on what
exactly those limits are and when Toms
reached out they discovered that they
only provide brand new replacements for
any failed sticks for one year and after
the third year they reserve the right to
charge you for any repairs technically
that can legally be described as a
limited lifetime warranty it just
demonstrates that ol's attitude toward
customer service is less trust me bro
and more good luck bro what about
storage oh another good result with the
crucial t500 2 TB at the top of our list
it's got 4.7 stars with over 3200
ratings and the bad ones are mostly
upset about DOA drives which do happen
from time to time and the lack of an
included m.2 screw though In fairness to
crucial SSD mounting hardware is
supposed to be included with your
motherboard so once again I'm happy with
Amazon search results they're they're
three for four wait a second does my
motherboard include SSD mounting
hardware it's certainly not on the board
and I don't remember seeing any
accessories in here oh there they are
yep we're good of course if you've spent
more than 2 minutes on Amazon in the
last year you knew that wasn't going to
last forever so let's see our result for
CPU Cooler ah the SE 214 XT RGB from ID
cooling I mean I actually can't really
fault the value here four heat pipes
$18 that's like $450 a heat pipe and
it's got a respectable 4.6 star rating
with most of the complaints focusing on
what I feel are insignificant issues
like a cheap feeling back plate and uh
oh bad instructions oh and not receiving
am4 mounting hardware
uh one moment
please this looks pretty complete fan
mounts am4 mounting but it looks like
they're right there's no instructions oh
guys you got to look inside the Box the
instructions are right
[Music]
there yeah as long as you find all the
pieces this is a pretty nice package at
20 bucks though that still doesn't make
it an obvious win cuz for just $15 more
you can get a Peerless assassin and
that's a really nice cooler in fact
Amazon seems to acknowledge this because
a couple results down they've got that
one tagged as their overall pick with
that said it's not like modern AMD CPUs
need a ton of extra cooling for
overclocking or anything so this could
end up being the best bang for the buck
only the results will tell and look at
that it has addressable RGB on the fan
moving on to our case whoa antech these
guys might have had the spotlight stolen
by newer players like fractal Corsair
and fantex but personally I will always
remember them fondly and after getting
acquainted with the df700 I might just
have some fondness today for just 90
bucks you get five total cooling fans
three with RGB on the front all hooked
up to a nice addressable RGB fan
controller and it's got a front panel
mesh built-in cable ties a removable
hard drive sled and while we don't get
rubber grommets for our cable management
the cutouts are rounded so you're not
going to scratch or cut either yourself
or your cables it's even got a bit of
side ventilation for your power supply
and any hard drives you want to Chuck in
there very tasteful very cool what's not
to like well individual front panel
headers though that's still common in
most cases and not all motherboards use
the same layout so I actually back
antech here someone got a dented bottom
some faulty fans and lights o one person
got a Fan Hub though was allegedly so
defective it burnt not one but two
motherboards and a power supply and as
for the middling reviews most of them
thought it was nice but a tad expensive
for what it is which is fair but if you
catch it on sale what a deal now we've
just got to power the thing and that's
where our PSU the xpg core reactor 2
comes in this is another sponsored
result and while xpg might not be
familiar to you they are a branch of a
data that has actually been around since
2008 this fully modular 650 W 80 plus
gold unit was just $83 which seems fine
we haven't tested any xpg power supplies
yet but the reviews all seem pretty
decent and the community seems to like
them overall and this one comes with a
10-year warranty however and this is a
big however we found quite a few
complaints about either poor warranty in
RMA support or customers receiving not
one but two units that were Dead on
Arrival so maybe you should stick with
less sponsored more trusted Brands like
EVGA or cic that wasn't an option for us
though now these days you might be
thinking 650 Watts that's a little on
the low side but uh foreshadowing with
this cable I'm running here let me put
it this way we aren't going to be
needing any more power than that meet
the show Kings RX 580 sponsored I'm
talking a GPU that literally isn't even
getting driver updates 8 gigs of vram on
a 256-bit bus PCI Express gen 3 oh but
this is nice dual fans for office and
gaming and a DVI connector for those of
you out there like me who buy their
monitors out of people's garages this
has got to be remanufactured I've never
even heard of showkings but maybe that's
just because they're ahead of enjoyment
and led the trend I've just fallen
behind so uh settle down slap this
7-year-old GPU in your system and uh
call it a day I guess or maybe don't in
all seriousness I can't think of a good
reason to buy from these guys when there
are so many other options out there
searching for them online brings up
almost nothing except is this brand
legit posts like we couldn't even find a
company website and most of our onear
reviews here have to do with the cards
dying over time you're honestly probably
better off just buying something used on
eBay Facebook Marketplace or our recent
sponsor of scrapyard 9 Java but we
didn't have that option and thanks to
Amazon sponsored
products here we are which I guess it's
time for us to address the way it works
is basically Sellers from around the
world will place bids on specific
keywords in order to help surface their
products when you include those keywords
in your searches generic keywords like
CPU or Ram are generally more expensive
while more specific keywords cost less
and I know that most if not all of you
watching right now are Savvy enough to
not just buy the first thing you see but
you would be surprised by how many
people do Amazon claims that the
sponsored product system helps turn
browsers into buyers they also claim
that because sponsored products only
appear when in stock and include trusted
Amazon shopping attributes that they are
helping customers make informed browsing
and buying decisions sure because when I
buy an rx580 in
2024 I'm
informed oh wait we did peripherals too
oh now let's check out our peripherals I
guess we'll kick things off with the Vue
Edge cs24 FK a 24 in 1080P 165 HZ IPS
gaming display unlike show Kings these
guys even have a website we can't find
this monitor on their website at the
time of
filming so that's something
but realistically at $90 for these specs
I don't think the product page is going
to change too many people's decision if
only the specs were the whole story the
onear reviews are hating on everything
from the awful speakers to product
longevity to viewing angles to response
times
to you name it uh should we fire it up
oh I'm going to need peripherals and
there they are the gaming essentials
from Red Dragon red dragon's one of
those brands that 5 six years ago we
were meing on their you know hardware
store level quality but these days
they've actually got some pretty decent
products it's too bad that this isn't
one of them the s113 and whatever this
stupid thing is the s113 they're both
the s113 they don't feel great but
somehow they have
46,000 ratings that's about 10,000 more
than when we first mentioned this combo
in our why is everyone buying this
keyboard video about three years
ago cool if only people had watched our
video well anyway let's try it again
shall we it's an m601 Mouse is it though
okay that says s
1013 all right fine I mean it's hard to
complain for 30 bucks but I'll find a
way to the monitor's credit it comes
with a pretty nice feeling DP cable and
it has dual HDMI
inputs it's pretty good and it's light
yeah
I like the case actually that's really
nice to fuse RGB on a $20 cooler too oh
man this keyboard is awful don't you
love membrane I'm not even hating on
people for having only $30 to spend on a
mouse and keyboard dude in scrapyard
Wars y I ended up with what a g110 and a
g502 for about
$30 that's fine you got a budget no
problem spend it smart
having a tight budget is all the more
reason to spend it this is not smart
spending this is buying manufactured
garbage speaking of buying manufactured
garbage what did we pay for this uh
something around 800 for the whole setup
yeah mouse keyboard monitor $888 about
$890 you know what's funny about that is
that is about the budget of the last
scrapyard Wars it is actually yeah
you're right In fairness this is a way
way better CPU than I got but everything
else about my system absolutely smokes
this thing 370 I had a 370 well what
about your drive though you did not have
a 2 tab SSD okay that's true but I did
have a 256 gig SSD and a 750 GB hard
drive unacceptable it's 2024 hard drivve
suck for gaming do maternal
1080p medium oh our 1% lows are dipping
into like 40
territory that that's it okay we thought
it was cuz we didn't have the display
turned up to 144 HZ which is all it does
over HDMI but that's not it it's that
the frame times are so inconsistent that
it feels laggy even though the averages
are about 100 frames per second
interesting yeah it's going as low as
like 47 and then it jumps up to 80 90
and then back down to 44 so that's why
it feels like under 60 no wait 60 cuz
it's all over the place and it looked
totally fine like from someone off axis
but yeah playing it I don't know how to
explain it just feels bad well the way
to explain it is that if you're only
getting a frame in the time that it
would take to be 40 FPS that means it's
taking 20 milliseconds to deliver that
frame it's going to feel like lag or
like a stutter
yeah but it's playable definitely
playable not great but playable playable
the really bad part is that was Doom
internel running at 1080p medium I
didn't even have it turned
up rx580 was a great GPU Polaris was an
outstanding value proposition
was that was a long time ago I think
realistically this is a remanufactured
mining card so some Miner Farms
somewhere is just literally throwing
these in the dumpster and then the gpus
are getting cut off and they're getting
thrown onto new cards and then someone's
trying to make a quick Buck on Amazon by
selling them as gaming gpus and they'll
play games but they are not the best
thing that you could buy for this kind
of money the question for me is why
bother to remanufacture it like why not
just dust it
off so that it's less obvious cuz this
looks like a new card yeah I guess
that's true now it's time for some F1
with a keyboard oh God how do I steer
what are your settings I don't know what
what's happening right now go to
settings I you're going to go off the
track right now well I can't steer plof
ah what's going on with our keyboard
let's check our settings I mean we're
running at 100 FPS again okay well yeah
turn motion blur off sure yeah yeah yeah
but everything else is set to medium
left a few lows here and there that's
fine much better break which one's the
break oh my god look I don't play a lot
of racing games smart guy they even give
you a racing line I if I don't know
where the break button is then that's
not going to help me much is it no we're
shooting kind of late we round out of
time I really want to check check out a
few more games on the rx580 to see if
it's actually any good in 2024 let's
start with alen wake
2 wow we're not getting much fps let me
make sure it's on like a lower setting
720p it's UPC so it's upscaling from
720p with FSR fine R Racing off it's not
going to do any RT it's slightly better
it's still really not good especially if
we're actually rendering closer to
720p does just have video this is just a
cinematic the game crashed due to
graphics card fault and will now exit
your pro your progress from last
checkpoint has been saved rx580 cannot
handle mesh shaders I don't know exactly
if this is the issue we're running into
but it's probably a problem all right
Allen wake 2 not so good but you know
what it's a little older let's try Space
Marine 2o that just came out all right
you know we've got a solid 29 FP s in
game uh 1% lows around 24 and this is
1080p low native so we could be running
720p with some upscaling but uh it's not
very good and I'll be honest there's not
a lot going on in here um we're let's go
fight some tyranids and see if it gets
any worse it's honestly not as bad as I
expected we're granted only getting you
know 30 35 FPS still but I'm killing
tyranids uh there's a lot going on right
now and it's a solid 30 so if you're
okay with playing space Space Marine 2o
1080p low maybe you should just buy an
RX 580 in
2024 it's fine you know you're not
getting the same efficiency that you'd
get out of a modern card you're not
getting the same performance that you'd
get out of a modern card but it's fine I
wouldn't have any expectations of
warranty coverage on this thing either
but it's fine I just hate seeing people
get ripped off you know yeah like I
don't want to be like oh yeah well you
can't even game on it or whatever cuz
you can you just didn't get a good deal
and that's not the point of this channel
right to pump up things that aren't a
good deal so overall we did find some
good stuff I'm really happy with the
case and the CPU solid choice too but
other than that I would say maybe just
ignore the Amazon sponsored items unless
they happen to be exactly what you need
anyway and while we're at it the CPU
Cooler might be a diamond in the rough
as well we're sitting at 63
right now now arguably this is a game
not you know the most demanding thing
but for 20 bucks it's hard to complain
just like it's hard to complain about
this segue to our sponsor Squarespace
Tech tips can be very helpful for many
things but you won't even need them if
you're building a website using
Squarespace Squarespace is an all-in-one
platform that simplifies the process of
getting your website up and running
quickly you can literally just drag into
drop designs with Squarespace blueprint
just find a theme that matches your
taste add your your product info and
you're done no coding necessary they
also have integrated and optimized SEO
tools that help your site rank higher in
search results plus your customers have
the flexibility to pay via credit card
PayPal or even Apple pay our lus Media
Group website was built with Squarespace
too so don't wait start building your
website today and get 10% off your first
purchase at squarespace.com LT if you
guys enjoyed this video maybe go check
out the one where we tested a bunch of
lesser known GPU Brands some of them
ended up being kind of legit
I think right I honestly can't remember
I think so